#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
autopep8==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.15.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via mkdocs-with-pdf
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
brotli==1.1.0
    # via fonttools
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   djlint
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   taskipy
coverage[toml]==7.5.3
    # via pytest-cov
cssbeautifier==1.15.1
    # via djlint
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via weasyprint
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-image-optimizer
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-tempus-dominus
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-jsonmask
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   model-bakery
django-ckeditor==6.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-image-optimizer==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-tempus-dominus==5.1.2.17
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-jsonmask
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
djlint==1.34.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-jsonmask==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
editorconfig==0.12.4
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
elastic-apm==6.22.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
faker==25.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fonttools[woff]==4.53.0
    # via weasyprint
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
holidays==0.50
    # via -r requirements.txt
html-tag-names==0.1.2
    # via djlint
html-void-elements==0.1.0
    # via djlint
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   weasyprint
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   sphinx
jsbeautifier==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   djlint
json5==0.9.25
    # via djlint
jsonmask==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-jsonmask
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
libsass==0.23.0
    # via mkdocs-with-pdf
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mkdocs==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-with-pdf
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.0.1
    # via mkdocstrings
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.5.25
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-with-pdf==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mkdocstrings==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
model-bakery==1.18.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   mkdocs
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
paginate==0.5.6
    # via mkdocs-material
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   djlint
    #   mkdocs
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-image-optimizer
    #   python-resize-image
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.9.8
    # via taskipy
psycopg[binary]==3.1.19
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycopg-binary==3.1.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   psycopg
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydyf==0.10.0
    # via weasyprint
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pymdown-extensions==10.8.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
pyphen==0.15.0
    # via weasyprint
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
    #   faker
    #   ghp-import
    #   holidays
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-resize-image==1.1.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-image-optimizer
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djlint
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
    #   djlint
    #   mkdocs-material
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-image-optimizer
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   python-resize-image
    #   sphinx
    #   tinify
rich==13.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   html5lib
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
taskipy==1.12.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
tinify==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-image-optimizer
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   autopep8
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   djlint
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   taskipy
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via djlint
typing-extensions==4.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   psycopg
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dateparser
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
validate-docbr==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
watchdog==4.0.1
    # via mkdocs
weasyprint==62.2
    # via mkdocs-with-pdf
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
zopfli==0.2.3
    # via fonttools
